# script-copy
-?        Print this help message and exit    -alertnotify=&lt;cmd>        Execute command when a relevant alert is received or we see a really        long fork (%s in cmd is replaced by message)    -assumevalid=&lt;hex>        If this block is in the chain assume that it and its ancestors are valid        and potentially skip their script verification (0 to verify all,        default:        0000000000000000000b9d2ec5a352ecba0592946514a92f14319dc2b367fc72,        testnet:        000000000000006433d1efec504c53ca332b64963c425395515b01977bd7b3b0,        signet:        0000002a1de0f46379358c1fd09906f7ac59adf3712323ed90eb59e4c183c020)    -blockfilterindex=&lt;type>        Maintain an index of compact filters by block (default: 0, values:        basic). If &lt;type> is not supplied or if &lt;type> = 1, indexes for        all known types are enabled.    -blocknotify=&lt;cmd>        Execute command when the best block changes (%s in cmd is replaced by        block hash)    -blockreconstructionextratxn=&lt;n>        Extra transactions to keep in memory for compact block reconstructions        (default: 100)    -blocksdir=&lt;dir>        Specify directory to hold blocks subdirectory for *.dat files (default:        &lt;datadir>)    -blocksonly        Whether to reject transactions from network peers. Automatic broadcast        and rebroadcast of any transactions from inbound peers is        disabled, unless the peer has the 'forcerelay' permission. RPC        transactions are not affected. (default: 0)    -conf=&lt;file>        Specify path to read-only configuration file. Relative paths will be        prefixed by datadir location. (default: bitcoin.conf)    -daemon        Run in the background as a daemon and accept commands    -datadir=&lt;dir>        Specify data directory    -dbcache=&lt;n>        Maximum database cache size &lt;n> MiB (4 to 16384, default: 450). In        addition, unused mempool memory is shared for this cache (see        -maxmempool).    -debuglogfile=&lt;file>        Specify location of debug log file. Relative paths will be prefixed by a        net-specific datadir location. (-nodebuglogfile to disable;        default: debug.log)    -includeconf=&lt;file>        Specify additional configuration file, relative to the -datadir path        (only useable from configuration file, not command line)    -loadblock=&lt;file>        Imports blocks from external file on startup    -maxmempool=&lt;n>        Keep the transaction memory pool below &lt;n> megabytes (default: 300)    -maxorphantx=&lt;n>        Keep at most &lt;n> unconnectable transactions in memory (default: 100)    -mempoolexpiry=&lt;n>        Do not keep transactions in the mempool longer than &lt;n> hours (default:        336)    -par=&lt;n>        Set the number of script verification threads (-8 to 15, 0 = auto, &lt;0 =        leave that many cores free, default: 0)    -persistmempool        Whether to save the mempool on shutdown and load on restart (default: 1)    -pid=&lt;file>        Specify pid file. Relative paths will be prefixed by a net-specific        datadir location. (default: bitcoind.pid)    -prune=&lt;n>        Reduce storage requirements by enabling pruning (deleting) of old        blocks. This allows the pruneblockchain RPC to be called to        delete specific blocks, and enables automatic pruning of old        blocks if a target size in MiB is provided. This mode is        incompatible with -txindex and -rescan. Warning: Reverting this        setting requires re-downloading the entire blockchain. (default:        0 = disable pruning blocks, 1 = allow manual pruning via RPC,        >=550 = automatically prune block files to stay under the        specified target size in MiB)    -reindex        Rebuild chain state and block index from the blk*.dat files on disk    -reindex-chainstate        Rebuild chain state from the currently indexed blocks. When in pruning        mode or if blocks on disk might be corrupted, use full -reindex        instead.    -settings=&lt;file>        Specify path to dynamic settings data file. Can be disabled with        -nosettings. File is written at runtime and not meant to be        edited by users (use bitcoin.conf instead for custom settings).        Relative paths will be prefixed by datadir location. (default:        settings.json)    -startupnotify=&lt;cmd>        Execute command on startup.    -sysperms        Create new files with system default permissions, instead of umask 077        (only effective with disabled wallet functionality)    -txindex        Maintain a full transaction index, used by the getrawtransaction rpc        call (default: 0)    -version        Print version and exit  Connection options:    -addnode=&lt;ip>        Add a node to connect to and attempt to keep the connection open (see        the `addnode` RPC command help for more info). This option can be        specified multiple times to add multiple nodes.    -asmap=&lt;file>        Specify asn mapping used for bucketing of the peers (default:        ip_asn.map). Relative paths will be prefixed by the net-specific        datadir location.    -bantime=&lt;n>        Default duration (in seconds) of manually configured bans (default:        86400)    -bind=&lt;addr>[:&lt;port>][=onion]        Bind to given address and always listen on it (default: 0.0.0.0). Use        [host]:port notation for IPv6. Append =onion to tag any incoming        connections to that address and port as incoming Tor connections        (default: 127.0.0.1:8334=onion, testnet: 127.0.0.1:18334=onion,        signet: 127.0.0.1:38334=onion, regtest: 127.0.0.1:18445=onion)    -connect=&lt;ip>        Connect only to the specified node; -noconnect disables automatic        connections (the rules for this peer are the same as for        -addnode). This option can be specified multiple times to connect        to multiple nodes.    -discover        Discover own IP addresses (default: 1 when listening and no -externalip        or -proxy)    -dns        Allow DNS lookups for -addnode, -seednode and -connect (default: 1)    -dnsseed        Query for peer addresses via DNS lookup, if low on addresses (default: 1        unless -connect used)    -externalip=&lt;ip>        Specify your own public address    -forcednsseed        Always query for peer addresses via DNS lookup (default: 0)    -listen        Accept connections from outside (default: 1 if no -proxy or -connect)    -listenonion        Automatically create Tor onion service (default: 1)    -maxconnections=&lt;n>        Maintain at most &lt;n> connections to peers (default: 125)    -maxreceivebuffer=&lt;n>        Maximum per-connection receive buffer, &lt;n>*1000 bytes (default: 5000)    -maxsendbuffer=&lt;n>        Maximum per-connection send buffer, &lt;n>*1000 bytes (default: 1000)    -maxtimeadjustment        Maximum allowed median peer time offset adjustment. Local perspective of        time may be influenced by peers forward or backward by this        amount. (default: 4200 seconds)    -maxuploadtarget=&lt;n>        Tries to keep outbound traffic under the given target (in MiB per 24h).        Limit does not apply to peers with 'download' permission. 0 = no        limit (default: 0)    -networkactive        Enable all P2P network activity (default: 1). Can be changed by the        setnetworkactive RPC command    -onion=&lt;ip:port>        Use separate SOCKS5 proxy to reach peers via Tor onion services, set        -noonion to disable (default: -proxy)    -onlynet=&lt;net>        Make outgoing connections only through network &lt;net> (ipv4, ipv6 or        onion). Incoming connections are not affected by this option.        This option can be specified multiple times to allow multiple        networks.    -peerblockfilters        Serve compact block filters to peers per BIP 157 (default: 0)    -peerbloomfilters        Support filtering of blocks and transaction with bloom filters (default:        0)    -permitbaremultisig        Relay non-P2SH multisig (default: 1)    -port=&lt;port>        Listen for connections on &lt;port>. Nodes not using the default ports        (default: 8333, testnet: 18333, signet: 38333, regtest: 18444)        are unlikely to get incoming connections.    -proxy=&lt;ip:port>        Connect through SOCKS5 proxy, set -noproxy to disable (default:        disabled)    -proxyrandomize        Randomize credentials for every proxy connection. This enables Tor        stream isolation (default: 1)    -seednode=&lt;ip>        Connect to a node to retrieve peer addresses, and disconnect. This        option can be specified multiple times to connect to multiple        nodes.    -timeout=&lt;n>        Specify connection timeout in milliseconds (minimum: 1, default: 5000)    -torcontrol=&lt;ip>:&lt;port>        Tor control port to use if onion listening enabled (default:        127.0.0.1:9051)    -torpassword=&lt;pass>        Tor control port password (default: empty)    -upnp        Use UPnP to map the listening port (default: 0)    -whitebind=&lt;[permissions@]addr>        Bind to the given address and add permission flags to the peers        connecting to it. Use [host]:port notation for IPv6. Allowed        permissions: bloomfilter (allow requesting BIP37 filtered blocks        and transactions), noban (do not ban for misbehavior; implies        download), forcerelay (relay transactions that are already in the        mempool; implies relay), relay (relay even in -blocksonly mode,        and unlimited transaction announcements), mempool (allow        requesting BIP35 mempool contents), download (allow getheaders        during IBD, no disconnect after maxuploadtarget limit), addr        (responses to GETADDR avoid hitting the cache and contain random        records with the most up-to-date info). Specify multiple        permissions separated by commas (default:        download,noban,mempool,relay). Can be specified multiple times.    -whitelist=&lt;[permissions@]IP address or network>        Add permission flags to the peers connecting from the given IP address        (e.g. 1.2.3.4) or CIDR-notated network (e.g. 1.2.3.0/24). Uses        the same permissions as -whitebind. Can be specified multiple        times.  Wallet options:    -addresstype        What type of addresses to use ("legacy", "p2sh-segwit", or "bech32",        default: "bech32")    -avoidpartialspends        Group outputs by address, selecting all or none, instead of selecting on        a per-output basis. Privacy is improved as an address is only        used once (unless someone sends to it after spending from it),        but may result in slightly higher fees as suboptimal coin        selection may result due to the added limitation (default: 0        (always enabled for wallets with "avoid_reuse" enabled))    -changetype        What type of change to use ("legacy", "p2sh-segwit", or "bech32").        Default is same as -addresstype, except when        -addresstype=p2sh-segwit a native segwit output is used when        sending to a native segwit address)    -disablewallet        Do not load the wallet and disable wallet RPC calls    -discardfee=&lt;amt>        The fee rate (in BTC/kB) that indicates your tolerance for discarding        change by adding it to the fee (default: 0.0001). Note: An output        is discarded if it is dust at this rate, but we will always        discard up to the dust relay fee and a discard fee above that is        limited by the fee estimate for the longest target    -fallbackfee=&lt;amt>        A fee rate (in BTC/kB) that will be used when fee estimation has        insufficient data. 0 to entirely disable the fallbackfee feature.        (default: 0.00)    -keypool=&lt;n>        Set key pool size to &lt;n> (default: 1000). Warning: Smaller sizes may        increase the risk of losing funds when restoring from an old        backup, if none of the addresses in the original keypool have        been used.    -maxapsfee=&lt;n>        Spend up to this amount in additional (absolute) fees (in BTC) if it        allows the use of partial spend avoidance (default: 0.00)    -mintxfee=&lt;amt>        Fees (in BTC/kB) smaller than this are considered zero fee for        transaction creation (default: 0.00001)    -paytxfee=&lt;amt>        Fee (in BTC/kB) to add to transactions you send (default: 0.00)    -rescan        Rescan the block chain for missing wallet transactions on startup    -spendzeroconfchange        Spend unconfirmed change when sending transactions (default: 1)    -txconfirmtarget=&lt;n>        If paytxfee is not set, include enough fee so transactions begin        confirmation on average within n blocks (default: 6)    -wallet=&lt;path>        Specify wallet path to load at startup. Can be used multiple times to        load multiple wallets. Path is to a directory containing wallet        data and log files. If the path is not absolute, it is        interpreted relative to &lt;walletdir>. This only loads existing        wallets and does not create new ones. For backwards compatibility        this also accepts names of existing top-level data files in        &lt;walletdir>.    -walletbroadcast        Make the wallet broadcast transactions (default: 1)    -walletdir=&lt;dir>        Specify directory to hold wallets (default: &lt;datadir>/wallets if it        exists, otherwise &lt;datadir>)    -walletnotify=&lt;cmd>        Execute command when a wallet transaction changes. %s in cmd is replaced        by TxID and %w is replaced by wallet name. %w is not currently        implemented on windows. On systems where %w is supported, it        should NOT be quoted because this would break shell escaping used        to invoke the command.    -walletrbf        Send transactions with full-RBF opt-in enabled (RPC only, default: 0)  ZeroMQ notification options:    -zmqpubhashblock=&lt;address>        Enable publish hash block in &lt;address>    -zmqpubhashblockhwm=&lt;n>        Set publish hash block outbound message high water mark (default: 1000)    -zmqpubhashtx=&lt;address>        Enable publish hash transaction in &lt;address>    -zmqpubhashtxhwm=&lt;n>        Set publish hash transaction outbound message high water mark (default:        1000)    -zmqpubrawblock=&lt;address>        Enable publish raw block in &lt;address>    -zmqpubrawblockhwm=&lt;n>        Set publish raw block outbound message high water mark (default: 1000)    -zmqpubrawtx=&lt;address>        Enable publish raw transaction in &lt;address>    -zmqpubrawtxhwm=&lt;n>        Set publish raw transaction outbound message high water mark (default:        1000)    -zmqpubsequence=&lt;address>        Enable publish hash block and tx sequence in &lt;address>    -zmqpubsequencehwm=&lt;n>        Set publish hash sequence message high water mark (default: 1000)  Debugging/Testing options:    -debug=&lt;category>        Output debugging information (default: -nodebug, supplying &lt;category> is        optional). If &lt;category> is not supplied or if &lt;category> = 1,        output all debugging information. &lt;category> can be: net, tor,        mempool, http, bench, zmq, walletdb, rpc, estimatefee, addrman,        selectcoins, reindex, cmpctblock, rand, prune, proxy, mempoolrej,        libevent, coindb, qt, leveldb, validation.    -debugexclude=&lt;category>        Exclude debugging information for a category. Can be used in conjunction        with -debug=1 to output debug logs for all categories except one        or more specified categories.    -help-debug        Print help message with debugging options and exit    -logips        Include IP addresses in debug output (default: 0)    -logthreadnames        Prepend debug output with name of the originating thread (only available        on platforms supporting thread_local) (default: 0)    -logtimestamps        Prepend debug output with timestamp (default: 1)    -maxtxfee=&lt;amt>        Maximum total fees (in BTC) to use in a single wallet transaction;        setting this too low may abort large transactions (default: 0.10)    -printtoconsole        Send trace/debug info to console (default: 1 when no -daemon. To disable        logging to file, set -nodebuglogfile)    -shrinkdebugfile        Shrink debug.log file on client startup (default: 1 when no -debug)    -uacomment=&lt;cmt>        Append comment to the user agent string  Chain selection options:    -chain=&lt;chain>        Use the chain &lt;chain> (default: main). Allowed values: main, test,        signet, regtest    -signet        Use the signet chain. Equivalent to -chain=signet. Note that the network        is defined by the -signetchallenge parameter    -signetchallenge        Blocks must satisfy the given script to be considered valid (only for        signet networks; defaults to the global default signet test        network challenge)    -signetseednode        Specify a seed node for the signet network, in the hostname[:port]        format, e.g. sig.net:1234 (may be used multiple times to specify        multiple seed nodes; defaults to the global default signet test        network seed node(s))    -testnet        Use the test chain. Equivalent to -chain=test.  Node relay options:    -bytespersigop        Equivalent bytes per sigop in transactions for relay and mining        (default: 20)    -datacarrier        Relay and mine data carrier transactions (default: 1)    -datacarriersize        Maximum size of data in data carrier transactions we relay and mine        (default: 83)    -minrelaytxfee=&lt;amt>        Fees (in BTC/kB) smaller than this are considered zero fee for relaying,        mining and transaction creation (default: 0.00001)    -whitelistforcerelay        Add 'forcerelay' permission to whitelisted inbound peers with default        permissions. This will relay transactions even if the        transactions were already in the mempool. (default: 0)    -whitelistrelay        Add 'relay' permission to whitelisted inbound peers with default        permissions. This will accept relayed transactions even when not        relaying transactions (default: 1)  Block creation options:    -blockmaxweight=&lt;n>        Set maximum BIP141 block weight (default: 3996000)    -blockmintxfee=&lt;amt>        Set lowest fee rate (in BTC/kB) for transactions to be included in block        creation. (default: 0.00001)  RPC server options:    -rest        Accept public REST requests (default: 0)    -rpcallowip=&lt;ip>        Allow JSON-RPC connections from specified source. Valid for &lt;ip> are a        single IP (e.g. 1.2.3.4), a network/netmask (e.g.        1.2.3.4/255.255.255.0) or a network/CIDR (e.g. 1.2.3.4/24). This        option can be specified multiple times    -rpcauth=&lt;userpw>        Username and HMAC-SHA-256 hashed password for JSON-RPC connections. The        field &lt;userpw> comes in the format: &lt;USERNAME>:&lt;SALT>$&lt;HASH>. A        canonical python script is included in share/rpcauth. The client        then connects normally using the        rpcuser=&lt;USERNAME>/rpcpassword=&lt;PASSWORD> pair of arguments. This        option can be specified multiple times    -rpcbind=&lt;addr>[:port]        Bind to given address to listen for JSON-RPC connections. Do not expose        the RPC server to untrusted networks such as the public internet!        This option is ignored unless -rpcallowip is also passed. Port is        optional and overrides -rpcport. Use [host]:port notation for        IPv6. This option can be specified multiple times (default:        127.0.0.1 and ::1 i.e., localhost)    -rpccookiefile=&lt;loc>        Location of the auth cookie. Relative paths will be prefixed by a        net-specific datadir location. (default: data dir)    -rpcpassword=&lt;pw>        Password for JSON-RPC connections    -rpcport=&lt;port>        Listen for JSON-RPC connections on &lt;port> (default: 8332, testnet:        18332, signet: 38332, regtest: 18443)    -rpcserialversion        Sets the serialization of raw transaction or block hex returned in        non-verbose mode, non-segwit(0) or segwit(1) (default: 1)    -rpcthreads=&lt;n>        Set the number of threads to service RPC calls (default: 4)    -rpcuser=&lt;user>        Username for JSON-RPC connections    -rpcwhitelist=&lt;whitelist>        Set a whitelist to filter incoming RPC calls for a specific user. The        field &lt;whitelist> comes in the format: &lt;USERNAME>:&lt;rpc 1>,&lt;rpc        2>,...,&lt;rpc n>. If multiple whitelists are set for a given user,        they are set-intersected. See -rpcwhitelistdefault documentation        for information on default whitelist behavior.    -rpcwhitelistdefault        Sets default behavior for rpc whitelisting. Unless rpcwhitelistdefault        is set to 0, if any -rpcwhitelist is set, the rpc server acts as        if all rpc users are subject to empty-unless-otherwise-specified        whitelists. If rpcwhitelistdefault is set to 1 and no        -rpcwhitelist is set, rpc server acts as if all rpc users are        subject to empty whitelists.    -server        Accept command line and JSON-RPC commands  ~ $
